Example 1: Harry Potter Quiz
Welcome to the Harry Potter quiz! This quiz will assess if you are a true fan of the Harry Potter series.

1. What was the name of Mr. Crouch's house elf? Please enter a letter.
a) Winky
b) Blinky
c) Kreacher
d) Dobby
e) Slinky
a
Correct!

2. Who taught History of Magic? Please enter a letter.
a) Professor Sinistra
b) Professor Lupin
c) Professor McGonagall
d) Professor Binns
e) Professor Flitwick
d
Correct!

3. In which year (1-7) did Harry go on his first date with Cho Chang? Please enter an integer.
5
Correct!

4. True or False: Thestrals can only be seen by people who have witnessed death. Enter 1 for True or 0 for False.
1
Correct!

5. What did Dumbledore leave to Ron in his will? Please enter a letter.
a) The Tales of Beedle the Bard
b) The golden snitch
c) The Pensieve
d) The Deluminator
e) Fawkes the Phoenix
b
Sorry, that is incorrect. The correct answer is d) The Deluminator.

6. How old was Voldemort when he opened the Chamber of Secrets? Please enter an integer.
15
Sorry, that is incorrect. The correct answer is 16.

7. True or False: Sirius Black was sorted into Slytherin house. Enter 1 for True or 0 for False.
1
Sorry, that is incorrect. The correct answer is False.

8. Who was the master of the Elder Wand prior to Harry? Please enter a letter.
a) Albus Dumbledore
b) Severus Snape
c) Minerva McGonagall
d) Lord Voldemort
e) Draco Malfoy
a
Sorry, that is incorrect. The correct answer is e) Draco Malfoy.

9. True or False: In their second year, Hermione drank Polyjuice Potion that gave her lasting rat-like features. Enter 1 for True or 0 for False.
0
Correct!

10. The Dursleys lived at __ Privet Drive. Please enter an integer to fill in the blank.
20
Sorry, that is incorrect. The correct answer is 4.

You got 5/10 questions right--
1: Correct, 2: Correct, 3: Correct, 4: Correct, 5: Incorrect, 6: Incorrect, 7: Incorrect, 8: Incorrect, 9: Correct
Pretty good, but your Harry Potter knowledge needs some work.

Thanks for taking the Harry Potter quiz!

Example 2: Pokemon Quiz
Welcome to the Pokemon quiz!

1) How many Pokemon exist in the Kanto regional Pokedex? Please enter a character a-e.
a) 151
b) 251
c) 386
d) 493
e) 649
a
Congratulations! You are correct. The Kanto Pokedex starts with 001 Bulbasaur and ends with 151 Mew.

2) Which of the following characters is the Pokemon professor of the Hoenn region? Please enter a character a-e.
a) Professor Oak
b) Professor Juniper
c) Professor Elm
d) Professor Birch
e) Professor Rowan
d
Congratulations! You are correct. Professor Birch is the Professor of the Hoenn region. He gives new trainers the choice of Treecko, Torchic, or Mudkip for their starters.

3) Name one Commander of Team Galactic. Please enter the answer as a string of lowercase letters. Be sure to check your spelling!
jupiter
Congratulations! Jupiter is a Team Galactic Commander. The other Commanders are Saturn, Mars, and Charon!

4) What was Ash Ketchum's first Pokemon? Please enter the answer as a string of lowercase letters. Be sure to check your spelling!
squirtle
Oops, sorry. Ash woke up too late to get one of the usual Kanto starter Pokemon from Professor Oak. The correct answer is Pikachu!

5) How many gym badges must a trainer collect to challenge the Elite Four and Champion? Please enter your response as an integer.
8
Congratulations! A trainer must collect 8 different gym badges before challenging the Elite Four and Champion.

6) How many times can Voltorb evolve? Please enter your response as an integer.
2
Oops, sorry. Although some Pokemon evolve twice, Voltorb can only evolve one time to become Electrode. Electrode does not evolve further, so the correct answer is 1.

7) True or False: The gym leader Olympia uses Fairy type Pokemon. Please enter 1 for True or 0 for False.
0
Congratulations! The gym leader of Anistar City, Olympia, uses Psychic type Pokemon!

8) True or False: The Pokemon Arceus changes its type in battle based on the type of plate it is holding. Please enter 1 for True or 0 for False.
1
Congratulations! The ability Multitype allows Arceus to change its type in battle based on the plate it is holding. For example, a Spooky Plate will make Arceus the Ghost type!

9) Which of the following Pokemon can use the move Transform? Please enter a character a-e.
a) Pikachu
b) Zorua
c) Mr. Mime
d) Ditto
e) Bonsly
c
Oops, sorry. Both Mr. Mime and Bonsly can know the move Mimic, but this move copies the opponent's attack, not its form. They cannot learn Transform. d) Ditto is the correct answer.

10) True or False: Jessie, James, and Meowth are members of Team Magma. Please enter 1 for True or 0 for False.
1
Oops, sorry. The correct answer is False. Jessie, James, and Meowth are members of Team Rocket!

1: Correct, 2: Correct, 3: Correct, 4: Incorrect, 5: Correct, 6: Incorrect, 7: Correct, 8: Correct, 9: Correct
You know a lot about Pokemon. You're well on your way to becoming the Champion!

Example 3: Silicon Valley Quiz
1.) What is the name of the company printed across Erlich Bachman's car?
Please use all lowercase letters in your answer.
aviato
2.) How much money did Richard have to pay to keep their company name "Pied Piper" when it was discovered that name was already taken by a small irrigation system company?
Please answer numerically as an integer
500
Sorry, 500 is not correct. The correct answer is 1,000 dollars.

3.) What did Gilfoyle name his servers? Please enter a-e.
a) Bridgette
b) Carla
c) Anton
d) Agamemnon
e) Jenna
c
4.) True or False? In the last episode of season 3, Pied Piper is sold by Laurie Bream of Raviga to Gavin Belson of Hooli.
Please answer 1 for true and 0 for false.
1
Sorry, true is not correct. The correct answer is false because Pied Piper was actually bought by Erlich Bachman.

5.) What was the Weissman score Richard Hendricks and the whole Pied Piper team achieved at Techcrunch Disrupt?
Please answer numerically as a floating point number.
5.2
6.) Who said, "I firmly believe we can only achieve greatness if first we achieve goodness"? Please enter a-e.
a) Richard Hendricks
b) Gavin Belson
c) Peter Gregory
d) Laurie Bream
e) Erlich Bachman
b
7.) What caused the deletion of Intersite's video library? Please enter a-e.
a) Jian Yang's friends
b) End Frame hacked the server
c) Nelson 'Big Head' Bighetti spilt his soda and fried the server
d) Russ Hanneman put a tequila bottle down on a 'Delete' key
e) Erlich Bachman put his elbow down on the 'Delete' key unknowingly
d
8.) True or False? Russ Hanneman has his own tequila brand called "Tres Comas".
Please answer 1 for true and 0 for false.
1
9.) What movie did Dinesh watch with the female programmer at TechCrunch Disrupt? Please enter a-e.
a) Cloud Atlas
b) Avatar
c) Titanic
d) Captain America: The Winter Soldier
e) Steve Jobs
a
10.) True or False? Erlich Bachman refers to his home as his "Incubator".
Please answer 1 for true and 0 for false.
1

1: Correct, 2: Incorrect, 3: Correct, 4: Incorrect, 5: Correct, 6: Correct, 7: Correct, 8: Correct, 9: Correct
Wow, you definitely are a true fan of Silicon Valley with a score of 8.
